This is a proof of concept of a fictional registry part and voter verification part of an electronic voting system, and may be applicable in the near future for Hong Kongers.  

In response to bro 龍為霜(lung4 wai4 sheung1)'s post on LIHKG, https://lihkg.com/thread/3047660/page/1, who called for Hong Konger's alliance across organizations, I see there is a need for a voting system that both anonymous and verifiable. Inspired by the blind signing technique of geph.io(迷霧通)，which is alleged that it allows the user to buy the service of this popular VPN service among the Chinese dissidents(who have a high demand of privacy and ability to cross the GFW) via Taobao without risk of personal info leakage.  

This system I try to take a grasp is separated to 2 parts: the registry and the verification. 

**Register**

To register themselves as voters, the users need to first go to the registry site to register with identifiable information, including (in the case of Mr Lung's, name and a certificate ID), where a sha512 hash is generated via function voter_registry() and sent to a registry server without recording of the input. So, with proper measures, if the registry server is hacked or confiscated, all they will find are just hashes.

**Verification**

Before voting or other appropriate cases (such as registration of rights of weighted vote in allied organizations, like higher the rank in leet code, then more weight is put into the vote.), the users need to verify their identity by input same info to voter_verify() on the verification server, which the hash generated by VoterVerify() is sent to the registry server for a match to validate the permission to access the voting page or weighted vote registry page. Again, with proper measures, all they find are hashes, and (at most) which hashes vote whom.

**Attention**

Since it is just a proof of concept, please **do not apply it directly to real life without optimization**. At least add a counter to the input of Gender to prevent attack, and please add a GUI so even granny knows how to use it, and **make sure all the servers using this .py are truly following a no-logging policy and other unspecified secure measure here that only the hash values are stored or sent to ensure user safety.**
